Docs basic values (#9)
mun-lang/book: src/ch01-02-control-flow.md

# Control flow

> Deciding whether or not to run some code depending on if a condition is true and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing or repeating a block of code only under specific conditions are common
```

> deciding to run some code repeatedly while a condition is true are basic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constructs that allow developers to control the flow of execution. Mun provides
```

> building blocks in most programming languages. The most common constructs that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `if...else` expressions and loops.
```

> let you control the flow of execution of Mun code are if expressions and loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## `if` expressions

An `if` expression allows you to branch your code depending on conditions.

```mun
fn main() {
    let number = 3;

    if number < 5 {
        number = 4;
    } else {
        number = 6;
    }
}
```

> All `if` expressions start with the keyword `if`, which is followed by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `if` expressions start with the keyword `if`, followed by a condition.
```

> condition. Different from many C-like languages parentheses are not required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As opposed to many C-like languages, Mun omits parentheses around the
```

> around the condition. In this case the condition checks whether or not the variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
condition. Only when the condition is true - in the example, whether the `number`
variable is less than 5 - the consecutive code block (or *arm*) is executed.
```

> `number` has a value less than 5. The code block we want to execute if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> condition is true is placed immediately after the condition inside curly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> brackets. Blocks of code associated with the conditions in `if` expressions are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> sometimes called *arms*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Optionally, we can also include an `else` expression, to give the program an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, an `else` expression can be added that will be executed when the
condition evaluates to false. You can also have multiple conditions by combining
`if` and `else` in an `else if` expression. For example:
```

> alternative block of code to execute should the condition evalulate to false. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> you don't provide an `else` expression and the condition is false, the program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> will just skip the `if` block and move on to the next bit of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can also have multiple conditions by combining `if` and `else` in an `else

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> if` expression. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```mun
fn main() {
    let number = 6;
    if number > 10 {
        // The number if larger than 10
    } else if number > 8 {
        // The number is larger than 8 but smaller or equal to 10
    } else if number > 2 {
        // The number is larger than 2 but smaller or equal to 8
    } else {
        // The number is smaller than- or equal to 2.
    }
}
```

### Using `if` in a `let` statement

> `if` is also an expression, we can use it on the right side of a `let`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `if` expression can be used on the right side of a `let` statement
```

> statement just like a block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
just like a block:
```

```mun
fn main() {
    let condition = true;
    let number = if condition {
        5
    } else {
        6
    };
```

> The `number` variable will be bound to a value based on the outcome of the `if`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the condition, the `number` variable will be bound to the value
of the `if` block or the `else` block. This means that both the `if` and `else`
arms need to evaluate to the same type.
```

> expression. The reason for this is that blocks of code evaluate to the last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> expression in them, and numbers by themselves are also expressions. This means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> the values that have the potential to be results from each arm of the `if` must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> be the same type. If the types are mismatched the compiler will report an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the types are mismatched the compiler will report an error.
```
